Update home-content.md (#195)
edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW-Website: content/home/home-content.md

<big>Strong environmental regulation is important, but it’s only as good as its enforcement.</big>

> The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is charged by Congress to enforce laws that protect people from air pollution, water pollution, and hazardous waste. Two key congressional committees oversee the EPA to ensure it meets its mandate: the <a href="https://energycommerce.house.gov/" target=_blank >House Energy and Commerce Committee</a> and the <a href="https://www.epw.senate.gov/public/" target=_blank >Senate Environment and Public Works Committee</a>. Based on an analysis of EPA data, EEW Congressional Report Cards give the members of these Congressional committees—and their constituents—the chance to evaluate whether the EPA is fulfilling its mandate in their state/district. Eventually, we hope to compile reports for every district in the US.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is charged by Congress to enforce laws that protect people from air pollution, water pollution, and hazardous waste. Two key congressional committees oversee the EPA to ensure it meets its mandate: the <a href="https://energycommerce.house.gov/" target=_blank >House Energy and Commerce Committee</a> and the <a href="https://www.epw.senate.gov/public/" target=_blank >Senate Environment and Public Works Committee</a>. Based on an analysis of EPA data, EEW Congressional Report Cards give the members of these Congressional committees—and their constituents—the chance to evaluate whether the EPA is fulfilling its mandate in their state/district. Eventually, we hope to compile reports for every district in the U.S.
```

Reviewer: U.S. is more correct than US

> <big>Upcoming Events:</big>

Reviewer: Since this is a heading for a page section, it would be more appropriate to use `#` or `##` instead of `<big>`

> 

Reviewer: Consider adding the event details in plaintext here in addition to the graphic, for greater accessibility

<a href="https://us02web.zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_dAn8xJF9Tqm1aiC1A8Ysig" target=_blank >

  ![Panel Discussion & Report Release October 22 6-7:30pm EST Featuring Union of Concerned Scientists, Hanah Vogel (Policy Advisor to MA Senator Ed Markey), and more](release-event.png)

>   Register now!

Reviewer: Consider adding formatting here such as `<big>` and/or `<center>` to make this a clear call to action

Here's how it currently looks:
![Screen Shot 2020-10-10 at 3 30 40 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/454690/95666380-c7d46d00-0b0d-11eb-9458-0ae0377d9b1a.png)

We want clean air, clean water, and an end to environmental racism and injustice. 

> We believe in the public’s right to know, and that we can collaboratively design public open-source systems to analyze, discuss, and act on environmental data collectively. EPA data is available to the public through the <a href="https://echo.epa.gov/" target=_blank >Enforcement and Compliance History Online</a> (ECHO) database. ECHO data includes reported violations of environmental laws such as the Clean Air Act (CAA), Clean Water Act (CWA), and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA), which manages hazardous waste, as well as data on emissions, facility inspections, and enforcement actions issued by the EPA and state agencies. However, the database can be challenging to use and error-prone. EEW works to make this data more accessible, user-friendly, and collectively actionable through <a href="/events">public workshops</a>, <a href="https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving" target=_blank >open-source data tools</a>, and projects like the <a href="/reports">Congressional District Report Cards</a> and <a href="https://envirodatagov.org/more-permission-to-pollute-the-decline-of-epa-enforcement-and-industry-compliance-during-covid/" target=_blank >COVID-19 enforcement report</a>.

Reviewer: This is pedantic, but semantically the links to the events page should be markdown-formatted (`[text](link url "description of link")`)

Reviewer: and the reports page – basically, any link that doesn't need to open in a new tab
